"Add an artist to Jukebox Boogie Rhythm & Blues"
"Will it be rainy at Sunrise in Ramey Saudi Arabia?"
"Weather in two hours  in Uzbekistan"
"Will there be a cloud in VI in 14 minutes ?"
"add nuba to my Metal Party playlist"
"Book a reservation for my babies and I"
"Will it be chilly in Weldona?"
"Add the album to the The Sweet Suite playlist."
"book spot for mavis, sheila and I in Syria at elevenses"
"Add a song to my playlist madden nfl 16"
"What will the weather be in nov. in Brookneal?"
"Can you put this song from Yutaka Ozaki onto my this is miles davis playlist?"
"What's the weather going to be in Knobel?"
"Please book me a table at a pizzeria with a parking facility in Ghana."
"Add give us rest to my 70s Smash Hits playlist."
"Book a reservation for an oyster bar"
"Book a reservation for my mommy and I at a restaurant in Central African Republic"
"Add this album to the Spanish Beat playlist"
"I want to book a restaurant in Niger for seven people."
"I need a table for 4 in Saint Helena at Settha Palace Hotel"
"I would like to book a restaurant for souvlaki cuisine in the state of NE"
"Book a restaurant reservation in 6 weeks"
"Book a reservation for The Dome, Edinburgh close to Brooklawn"
"Please book me a table at a bistro which serves lorna doone."
"Add lofty fake anagram to the la mejor m\u00fasica de bso playlist."
"Add the track to the drum & breaks playlist."
"Book a reservation for 1 at a diner in WI"
"Where is Belgium located"
"need a table somewhere in Quarryville 14 hours from now"
"Add porter wagoner to the The Sleep Machine Waterscapes playlist."
"I want to book a joint in a  spa."
"Add Richard McNamara newest song to the Just Smile playlist"
"what is the forecast for starting at three a.m in Two Buttes for warm weather"
"Will there be hail on 11/12/2036 in Singapore"
"I want to book a joint close by the naomi's hostel for a meal for 8 people."
"Add Recalled to Life to This Is Alejandro Fern\u00e1ndez"
"Will it be hot at 13:19 in De Funiak Springs Serbia and Montenegro?"
"Will it be colder four months from now in Suwanee AK"
"Book a popular restaurant for 5 people"
"Add the chris clark tune to my women of the blues playlist."
"Will it be warmer in the District Of Columbia on may 25, 2033?"
"I want to book a restaurant close-by in Inman for five people."
"Put Jean Philippe Goncalves onto my running to rock 170 to 190 bpm."
"What will the weather be in KY on Oct. 16, 2036?"
"What's the humidity here right now?"
"what is the forecast for LA for freezing "
"Book a reservation for 6 people for a creole tavern in Montenegro"
"add a song in my All Out 60s"
"Add The Famous Flower of Serving-Men to my evening acoustic playlist."
"add tommy johnson to The MetalSucks Playlist"
"table for 5 A.m. at Baker's Keyboard Lounge"
"Book seven in neighboring Moorpark"
"Can you add Larry Heard to my laundry playlist?"
"I want to book Tupelo Honey Cafe in New Jersey for five people."
"add this track to my Hands Up playlist"
"Will there be a blizzard next winter in Visalia, Idaho"
"Book a reservation at tavern for noodle"
"Lets eat near Oakfield 17 seconds from now at Ted Peters Famous Smoked Fish"
"Add the album to the hot 50 playlist."
"Add the song to the Mac 'N Cheese playlist."
"What kind of weather will be in Ukraine one minute from now?"
"Book me a reservation for the best bistro"
"Add our little corner of the world music from gilmore girls to my The Funny Thing About Football Is playlist."
"book spot for four at Cliff House, San Francisco in Martinique"
"what is the forecast for Turtle Islands National Park"
"book a party of five at Seagoville for 06:42"
"What will the weather be in Hialeah Gardens on October the 24th?"
"Add the album to the Might and Myth Power Metal playlist."
"book spot for 7 at an indoor restaurant in MP now"
"Will it be hotter in PR at 23 o'clock?"
"book spot for 1 at Town of Ramsgate in Merit"
"book spot for two at City Tavern"
"add this song by Too Poetic to my Piano Ballads playlist"
"what is the forecast in Nicodemus and nearby"
"what is the forecast for Costa Rica"
"Will it be colder here in 48 and a half weeks"
"Add the album to my Flow Espa\u00f1ol playlist."
"add this artist to my spotlight on country 2016 playlist"
"Book a reservation for five people for a tatar taverna in Sargents"
"Add this artist to Showstopper Being Mary Jane"
"Add the album to the Hipster Soul playlist."
"Will it be warmer in North Korea at nineteen o'clock"
"What will the weather be in Milleville Beach?"
"Add Ted Heath to the road trip playlist."
"For my fantastic workout can you add sara bareilles?"
"I want to book a sundanese gastropub nearby in Texas for 3 people on 5/20/2025."
"Let me know the weather forecast around ten Pm faraway from here in Park Narodowy Brimstone Hill Fortress."
"what is the forecast for Waurika in Samoa"
"Will it be hot in the Netherlands on February 16th?"
"Add the 40 cal tune to the laundry playlist."
"book a party at their campus within the same area for churrascaria"
"humidity not far from Colorado City on November the 7th, 2024"
"What's the weather in Benton City?"
"Book me a reservation for a pub in Cormorant for a party of nine"
"Add Roel van Velzen to my party of the century playlist."
"I want to eat in Ramona"
"what is the forecast in Admire in TX starting at seventeen "
"Put Vandemataram Srinivas's track onto HipHop Hot 50."
"add Jonathan Sprout album to my this is miranda lambert playlist"
"What is the weather going to be like in Benton Colorado in 2 and a half months"